The golden dandelion meme is massive.
So, a few days ago I made a video on the
new snapshot where I said, "Then we got
the golden dandelion, which is a golden
dandelion." And pretty much the internet
has rallied around how funny and cool I
am, and now the golden dandelion is the
new biggest meme. So, I'll answer some
of your guys' questions. How did you
think of such a funny meme? Great
question. So, pretty much I was writing
my script about the golden dandelion and
and I'm like, "Okay, what is this?"
Well, it's a golden dandelion. And so
then I thought to say it the same way.
So I said the golden dandelion, which is
a golden dandelion. Are you a memer now?
Uh, does this answer your question, city
boy? City boy. Now react to the latest
Golden Dandelion content. Let's see.
>> The golden.
>> Okay. Wow, this guy drew the golden
dandelion. Well done.
>> I have a hole in my shoes. Um,
>> golden dand lion.
>> Okay, this is making me uncomfortable.
>> All right, guys. We officially have the
first meme of
>> first meme of February. Let's go.
>> It stems from Minecraft. It's not that
funny. It's probably like a four out of
10, but let me know. Does this deserve
to
>> four out of 10? What? Really, dude? Wow.
That's That's messed up. I thought this
was meme of the